a family united in
grief Huda dreamed of being a
doctor Aran dreamed of being a
pilot at just 18 months old Ahmed hadn't
yet had a chance to dream of becoming
anything Abu damar's wife and three
children were killed in an Israeli air
strike on a displacement camp in RAF
I saw the bodies of my wife my daughter
Huda my son Aran and my baby ammed I was
told he was headless I just peaked
inside the body bag and saw his body
without a head I couldn't stand to see
anymore I zipped it up again and walked
away decapitated in the blast Ahmed was
among the 45 people killed in the attack
many others at the camp burned alive in
their tents they had been staying in an
Israeli designated safe area they were
killed just 2 days after the
international court of justice ordered
Israel to stop its incursion into
Rafa despite ahmed's violent death This
is how his family tries to remember him
they've kept his toys and
clothes a source of comfort and
pain every time I look at my brother's
belongings I overwhelmed with grief I
hope to be killed so so I can join him
in heaven I miss my sister and brothers
I miss them
all I miss my mother my sister Huda and
my two brothers Aran and Ahmed I wish
they'd never been killed I miss them too
much ahmed's head was never found and
his family were forced to bury him
without
it his grave is next to his mother and
siblings in the ruins of Gaza
camil nelc Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer